---
title: "Lumetra.ai"
categories: ["AI", "Projects"]
---

I have been super frustrated with the current hiring process for tech companies. I am going through
so many round of interviews and getting attached to companies, getting to know people really well,
making friends, even, and then at the end, either somebody else gets the offer or the company decides
to not hire ANYBODY. I wouldn't have spent so many hours preparing for these interviews if I knew there
were multiple other, more qualified candidates two steps ahead of me in the pipeline, tbh. And I wish
I was able to see that information.

This is a product I'm actually seriously trying to found as my first startup attempt (founding attemopt? 
not sure what they call this), so I am not going to share exact details here, glad to share more
privately if you want to DM me on any of the various channels or email. Or if you have experience
founding something starting with just yourself and no idea what to do, please lets chat!!

So anyway, I am creating Lumetra ai, which is going to be an industry disruptive ATS type product that
will just do the very OPPOSITE of what we are doing now. Transparency to candidates about how many people
are in the pipeline, what the expectations of the interviewers are, real feedback on interviews
regardless of whether they moved you on to the next step or not...these are some of the candidate-friendly
features I want to implement. I want to have companies who say they want to hire for a given role to
produce a real set of standards as to what they're looking for and then HIRE THE PERSON THAT FITS THOSE.
that had to be all caps because it gets me so mad. Let's take our time planning hiring, then stick to the
actual plan. I know for a fact that job descriptions change in the middle of candidate interviewing and leads
to tons and ton of wasted hours for the employer side as well as the candidates.

I am still figuring this all out, but I need a system to streamline the interview process 
save companies money, hopefully enticing them to be more direct and transparent with candidates.
This will have a lot of AI, and a lot of careful ethical considerations. If you want to discuss
and maybe join up, let me know. I am so far writing most things in Node and Typescript (wow, the
"I will never like JS, ever. EVER" girl is now changing her tune!) and hoping to use Go as the backend
but seems like Python might end up being a better choice. We will see.