---
title: Long time no see!
date: 2024-10-26
---

I know, I know, I haven't updated this in a long time. Well, I got a job, and that took me away from my own sideprojects for a while. Two months, to be exact :melting_face:

This job market has been so rough, it has really been chewing me up and spitting me out. I think I've gone through at least 3 if not 4 rounds of interviews (AT LEAST) with 10 companies in total this year, only to not get an offer without any actionable feedback. I sometimes will get feedback, but it's never something I can fix! I can't pull more years of leadership experience out of thin air and I can't make principal level engineers willing to take senior level jobs spontaneously combust (and I wouldn't want to, they're probably in as shitty a spot as I am).

So, to keep myself out of the bottomless pit of despair, I have thrown myself back into coding real things, all the time. I mostly have been writing in Go and Typescript, but today I fired up my IntelliJ IDE for the first time in forever to use some Java to refresh my memory on basic OOP for a upcoming live coding challenge where I don't want to get anxious and totally forget what an abstract class is. I am now about to experiment with [Anki][https://apps.ankiweb.net/] for the first time to try to use that to study for technical discussion type interviews where I sometimes have not done my best. I'll let you know what I end up doing with that deck. 

I have a write up on what sideprojects I've been working on that I'll post next.
