---
title: First posts!
date: 2024-05-23
---

I declare this my first official blog post! This blog may end up meandering quite a bit, topic-wise, as 
I navigate writing and learning new code for fun and being laid off for the first time in my life.
I was part of a large RIF layoff at Scuba Analytics on 5/7, so it's been about two weeks. I am trying
to not get disheartened by the current job market but IT IS SO HARD! I have never had to work this hard
to find a job in my field before, fully remote or otherwise! I have been working to keep my Python and
Linux skills up to snuff while working through the Blind 75 in Go, a language I became somewhat obsessed
with in 2023. It's CUTE to look at, and that is a very important thing to me. 

When I say it's "cute", though, that means a few things. It means that there are not superfluous brackets
and semicolons all over the place. It means that you can return multiple values from a function without a bunch
of putting shit into lists. And it means there are some expressions that are just pleasing to look at, 
like ":=" and "*=". I do think that most engineers who know Go understand what I mean when I excalim 
"ITS SOOOOO CUTE THOUGH" about a simple few lines of code. 

I have been hoping to be able to do some technical interviews in Go soon, since I seem to be 
bombing my Python ones, despite my having written Python for the longest of any language I know.
Also, I'm a decent Python programmer. I just get flustered in those Coderpad live coding sessions
and I hope throwing in a new language might make things...different, next time. We will see. I am 
going to try to think up some little personal projects I can do in Go to put here, but something fun
to lighten the mood. Open to suggestions, of course!